Update Traffic Policy Overview to align with latest structure and formatting (DOC-441) (#1847)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: traffic-policy/index.mdx

---
title: Traffic Policy Overview
sidebarTitle: Overview

> description: Configure traffic management for ngrok endpoints including authentication, rate limiting, URL rewriting, and security controls.

Author: hm now that you mention it I guess "security controls" is a bit redundant with "authentication" already there first. I'll remove it

> description: Configure traffic management for ngrok endpoints including authentication, rate limiting, URL rewriting, and security controls.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Configure traffic management for ngrok endpoints including authentication, rate limiting, URL rewriting, and more.
```
